fix!: default statusCode of `navigateTo` change from 301 to 302 (#5173)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/3.directory-structure/7.middleware.md

* nothing - does not block navigation and will move to the next middleware function, if any, or complete the route navigation

> * `navigateTo('/')` or `navigateTo({ path: '/' })` - redirects to the given path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `navigateTo('/')` or `navigateTo({ path: '/' })` - redirects to the given path and will set the redirect code to [`302` Found
](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/302) if the redirect happens on the server side
```

> * `navigateTo('/', { redirectCode: 301 })` - Redirects to the given path and will set the redirect code if the redirect happens on the server side (default: 302)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `navigateTo('/', { redirectCode: 301 })` - redirects to the given path and will set the redirect code to [`301` Moved Permanently
](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/301) if the redirect happens on the server side
```
